# Group

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Children** | [**[]ChildPolicyConfigResource**](ChildPolicyConfigResource.md) | subtree for this type within policy tree containing nested elements.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Overridden** | **bool** | Global intent objects cannot be modified by the user. However, certain global intent objects can be overridden locally by use of this property. In such cases, the overridden local values take precedence over the globally defined values for the properties.  | [optional] [default to false]
**MarkedForDelete** | **bool** | Intent objects are not directly deleted from the system when a delete is invoked on them. They are marked for deletion and only when all the realized entities for that intent object gets deleted, the intent object is deleted. Objects that are marked for deletion are not returned in GET call. One can use the search API to get these objects.  | [optional] [default to false]
**State** | **string** | Realization state of this group | [optional] [default to null]
**ExtendedExpression** | [**[]Expression**](Expression.md) | Extended Expression allows additional higher level context to be specified for grouping criteria. (e.g. user AD group) This field allow users to specified user context as the source of a firewall rule for IDFW feature. Current version only support a single IdentityGroupExpression. In the future, this might expand to support other conjunction and non-conjunction expression.  The extended expression list must follow below criteria: 1. Contains a single IdentityGroupExpression. No conjunction expression is supported. 2. No other non-conjunction expression is supported, except for IdentityGroupExpression. 3. Each expression must be a valid Expression. See the definition of the Expression type for more information. 4. Extended expression are implicitly AND with expression. 5. No nesting can be supported if this value is used. 6. If a Group is using extended expression, this group must be the only member in the source field of an communication map.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Expression** | [**[]Expression**](Expression.md) | The expression list must follow below criteria:   1. A non-empty expression list, must be of odd size. In a list, with   indices starting from 0, all non-conjunction expressions must be at   even indices, separated by a conjunction expression at odd   indices.   2. The total of ConditionExpression and NestedExpression in a list   should not exceed 5.   3. The total of IPAddressExpression, MACAddressExpression, external   IDs in an ExternalIDExpression and paths in a PathExpression must not exceed   500.   4. Each expression must be a valid Expression. See the definition of   the Expression type for more information.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Reference** | **bool** | If true, indicates that this is a remote reference group. Such group will have span different from the its parent domain. Default value is false.  | [optional] [default to false]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

