# LbPool

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Children** | [**[]ChildPolicyConfigResource**](ChildPolicyConfigResource.md) | subtree for this type within policy tree containing nested elements.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Overridden** | **bool** | Global intent objects cannot be modified by the user. However, certain global intent objects can be overridden locally by use of this property. In such cases, the overridden local values take precedence over the globally defined values for the properties.  | [optional] [default to false]
**MarkedForDelete** | **bool** | Intent objects are not directly deleted from the system when a delete is invoked on them. They are marked for deletion and only when all the realized entities for that intent object gets deleted, the intent object is deleted. Objects that are marked for deletion are not returned in GET call. One can use the search API to get these objects.  | [optional] [default to false]
**ActiveMonitorPaths** | **[]string** | In case of active healthchecks, load balancer itself initiates new connections (or sends ICMP ping) to the servers periodically to check their health, completely independent of any data traffic. Active healthchecks are disabled by default and can be enabled for a server pool by binding a health monitor to the pool. If multiple active monitors are configured, the pool member status is UP only when the health check status for all the monitors are UP.  | [optional] [default to null]
**TcpMultiplexingEnabled** | **bool** | TCP multiplexing allows the same TCP connection between load balancer and the backend server to be used for sending multiple client requests from different client TCP connections.  | [optional] [default to false]
**SnatTranslation** | [***LbSnatTranslation**](LBSnatTranslation.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**MemberGroup** | [***LbPoolMemberGroup**](LBPoolMemberGroup.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Algorithm** | **string** | Load Balancing algorithm chooses a server for each new connection by going through the list of servers in the pool. Currently, following load balancing algorithms are supported with ROUND_ROBIN as the default. ROUND_ROBIN means that a server is selected in a round-robin fashion. The weight would be ignored even if it is configured. WEIGHTED_ROUND_ROBIN means that a server is selected in a weighted round-robin fashion. Default weight of 1 is used if weight is not configured. LEAST_CONNECTION means that a server is selected when it has the least number of connections. The weight would be ignored even if it is configured. Slow start would be enabled by default. WEIGHTED_LEAST_CONNECTION means that a server is selected in a weighted least connection fashion. Default weight of 1 is used if weight is not configured. Slow start would be enabled by default. IP_HASH means that consistent hash is performed on the source IP address of the incoming connection. This ensures that the same client IP address will always reach the same server as long as no server goes down or up. It may be used on the Internet to provide a best-effort stickiness to clients which refuse session cookies.  | [optional] [default to ALGORITHM.ROUND_ROBIN]
**TcpMultiplexingNumber** | **int64** | The maximum number of TCP connections per pool that are idly kept alive for sending future client requests.  | [optional] [default to 6]
**Members** | [**[]LbPoolMember**](LBPoolMember.md) | Server pool consists of one or more pool members. Each pool member is identified, typically, by an IP address and a port.  | [optional] [default to null]
**PassiveMonitorPath** | **string** | Passive healthchecks are disabled by default and can be enabled by attaching a passive health monitor to a server pool. Each time a client connection to a pool member fails, its failed count is incremented. For pools bound to L7 virtual servers, a connection is considered to be failed and failed count is incremented if any TCP connection errors (e.g. TCP RST or failure to send data) or SSL handshake failures occur. For pools bound to L4 virtual servers, if no response is received to a TCP SYN sent to the pool member or if a TCP RST is received in response to a TCP SYN, then the pool member is considered to have failed and the failed count is incremented.  | [optional] [default to null]
**MinActiveMembers** | **int64** | A pool is considered active if there are at least certain minimum number of members.  | [optional] [default to 1]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

