# LbRule

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Phase** | **string** | Each load balancer rule is used at a specific phase of load balancer processing. Currently five phases are supported, HTTP_REQUEST_REWRITE, HTTP_FORWARDING, HTTP_RESPONSE_REWRITE, HTTP_ACCESS and TRANSPORT. When an HTTP request message is received by load balancer, all HTTP_REQUEST_REWRITE rules, if present are executed in the order they are applied to virtual server. And then if HTTP_FORWARDING rules present, only first matching rule&#x27;s action is executed, remaining rules are not checked. HTTP_FORWARDING rules can have only one action. If the request is forwarded to a backend server and the response goes back to load balancer, all HTTP_RESPONSE_REWRITE rules, if present, are executed in the order they are applied to the virtual server. In HTTP_ACCESS phase, user can define action to control access using JWT authentication. In TRANSPORT phase, user can define the condition to match SNI in TLS client hello and define the action to do SSL end-to-end, SSL offloading or SSL passthrough using a specific load balancer server pool.  | [optional] [default to PHASE.HTTP_FORWARDING]
**MatchConditions** | [**[]LbRuleCondition**](LBRuleCondition.md) | A list of match conditions used to match application traffic. Multiple match conditions can be specified in one load balancer rule, each match condition defines a criterion to match application traffic. If no match conditions are specified, then the load balancer rule will always match and it is used typically to define default rules. If more than one match condition is specified, then match strategy determines if all conditions should match or any one condition should match for the load balancer rule to considered a match.  | [optional] [default to null]
**DisplayName** | **string** | A display name useful for identifying an LBRule.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Actions** | [**[]LbRuleAction**](LBRuleAction.md) | A list of actions to be executed at specified phase when load balancer rule matches. The actions are used to manipulate application traffic, such as rewrite URI of HTTP messages, redirect HTTP messages, etc.  | [default to null]
**MatchStrategy** | **string** | If more than one match condition is specified, then matching strategy determines if all conditions should match or any one condition should match for the LB Rule to be considered a match. - ALL indicates that both host_match and path_match must match for this LBRule to be considered a match. - ANY indicates that either host_match or patch match may match for this LBRule to be considered a match.  | [optional] [default to MATCH_STRATEGY.ANY]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

