# PolicyConfigResource

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Path** | **string** | Absolute path of this object | [optional] [default to null]
**ParentPath** | **string** | Path of its parent | [optional] [default to null]
**UniqueId** | **string** | This is a UUID generated by the GM/LM to uniquely identify entites in a federated environment. For entities that are stretched across multiple sites, the same ID will be used on all the stretched sites.  | [optional] [default to null]
**RelativePath** | **string** | Path relative from its parent | [optional] [default to null]
**Children** | [**[]ChildPolicyConfigResource**](ChildPolicyConfigResource.md) | subtree for this type within policy tree containing nested elements.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Overridden** | **bool** | Global intent objects cannot be modified by the user. However, certain global intent objects can be overridden locally by use of this property. In such cases, the overridden local values take precedence over the globally defined values for the properties.  | [optional] [default to false]
**MarkedForDelete** | **bool** | Intent objects are not directly deleted from the system when a delete is invoked on them. They are marked for deletion and only when all the realized entities for that intent object gets deleted, the intent object is deleted. Objects that are marked for deletion are not returned in GET call. One can use the search API to get these objects.  | [optional] [default to false]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

