# PolicyLbRule

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Children** | [**[]ChildPolicyConfigResource**](ChildPolicyConfigResource.md) | subtree for this type within policy tree containing nested elements.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Overridden** | **bool** | Global intent objects cannot be modified by the user. However, certain global intent objects can be overridden locally by use of this property. In such cases, the overridden local values take precedence over the globally defined values for the properties.  | [optional] [default to false]
**MarkedForDelete** | **bool** | Intent objects are not directly deleted from the system when a delete is invoked on them. They are marked for deletion and only when all the realized entities for that intent object gets deleted, the intent object is deleted. Objects that are marked for deletion are not returned in GET call. One can use the search API to get these objects.  | [optional] [default to false]
**PathMatch** | **string** | This condition is used to match URIs(Uniform Resource Identifier) of HTTP request messages. The URI field can be specified as a regluar expression. If an HTTP request message is requesting an URI which matches specified regular expression, it matches the condition. The syntax of whole URI looks like this: scheme:[//[user[:password]@]host[:port]][/path][?query][#fragment] This condition matches only the path part of entire URI. The path_match field is used as a regular expression to match URI path of HTTP requests. For example, to match any URI that has \&quot;/image/\&quot; or \&quot;/images/\&quot;, uri field can be specified as: \&quot;/image[s]?/\&quot;. The regular  expressions in load balancer rules use the features common to both  Java regular expressions and Perl Compatible Regular Expressions  (PCREs) with some restrictions. Reference http://www.pcre .org for  PCRE and the NSX-T Administrator&#x27;s Guide for the restrictions.  Please note, when regular expressions are used in JSON (JavaScript  Object Notation) string, every backslash character (\\) needs to be  escaped by one additional backslash character.  | [optional] [default to null]
**HostMatch** | **string** | This condition is used to match HTTP request messages by the specific HTTP header field, Host.  The Host request header specifies the domain name of the server. The supplied Host HTTP header match condition will be matched as a regular expression. The regular expressions in load balancer rules use the features common to both Java regular expressions and Perl Compatible Regular Expressions (PCREs) with some restrictions. Reference http://www.pcre .org for PCRE and the NSX-T Administrator&#x27;s Guide for the restrictions. Please note, when regular expressions are used in JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) string, every backslash character (\\) needs to be escaped by one additional backslash character.  | [optional] [default to null]
**LbVirtualServer** | **string** | The path of PolicyLbVirtualServer to bind to this PolicyLbRule and its Group  | [optional] [default to null]
**SequenceNumber** | **int32** | This field is used to resolve conflicts between multiple PolicyLbRules associated with a single PolicyLbVirtualServer and will be applied numerically or low to high  | [optional] [default to null]
**MatchStrategy** | **string** | If more than one match condition is specified, then matching strategy determines if all conditions should match or any one condition should match for the LB Rule to be considered a match. - ALL indicates that both host_match and path_match must match for this PolicyLbRule to be considered a match - ANY indicates that either host_match or patch match may match for this PolicyLbRule to be considered a match  | [optional] [default to MATCH_STRATEGY.ANY]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

