# PolicyNatRule

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Children** | [**[]ChildPolicyConfigResource**](ChildPolicyConfigResource.md) | subtree for this type within policy tree containing nested elements.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Overridden** | **bool** | Global intent objects cannot be modified by the user. However, certain global intent objects can be overridden locally by use of this property. In such cases, the overridden local values take precedence over the globally defined values for the properties.  | [optional] [default to false]
**MarkedForDelete** | **bool** | Intent objects are not directly deleted from the system when a delete is invoked on them. They are marked for deletion and only when all the realized entities for that intent object gets deleted, the intent object is deleted. Objects that are marked for deletion are not returned in GET call. One can use the search API to get these objects.  | [optional] [default to false]
**TranslatedNetwork** | **string** | This supports single IP address or comma separated list of single IP addresses or CIDR. This does not support IP range or IP sets. For SNAT, DNAT, NAT64 and REFLEXIVE rules, this ia a mandatory field, which represents the translated network address. For NO_SNAT and NO_DNAT this should be empty.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Logging** | **bool** | The flag, which suggests whether the logging of NAT rule is enabled or disabled. The default is False.  | [optional] [default to false]
**Service** | **string** | It represents the path of Service on which the NAT rule will be applied. If not provided or if it is blank then Policy manager will consider it as ANY.  | [optional] [default to null]
**SourceNetwork** | **string** | This supports single IP address or comma separated list of single IP addresses or CIDR. This does not support IP range or IP sets. For SNAT, NO_SNAT, NAT64 and REFLEXIVE rules, this is a mandatory field and represents the source network of the packets leaving the network. For DNAT and NO_DNAT rules, optionally it can contain source network of incoming packets. NULL value for this field represents ANY network.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Enabled** | **bool** | The flag, which suggests whether the NAT rule is enabled or disabled. The default is True.  | [optional] [default to true]
**TranslatedPorts** | **string** | Port number or port range | [optional] [default to null]
**Action** | **string** | Source NAT(SNAT) - translates a source IP address in an outbound packet so that the packet appears to originate from a different network. SNAT is only supported when the logical router is running in active-standby mode. Destination NAT(DNAT) - translates the destination IP address of inbound packets so that packets are delivered to a target address into another network. DNAT is only supported when the logical router is running in active-standby mode. Reflexive NAT(REFLEXIVE) - IP-Range and CIDR are supported to define the \&quot;n\&quot;. The number of original networks should be exactly the same as that of translated networks. The address translation is deterministic. Reflexive is supported on both Active/Standby and Active/Active LR. NO_SNAT and NO_DNAT - These do not have support for translated_fields, only source_network and destination_network fields are supported. NAT64 - translates an external IPv6 address to a internal IPv4 address.  | [default to null]
**Scope** | **[]string** | Represents the array of policy paths of ProviderInterface or NetworkInterface or labels of type ProviderInterface or NetworkInterface on which the NAT rule should get enforced. The interfaces must belong to the same router for which the NAT Rule is created.  | [optional] [default to null]
**FirewallMatch** | **string** | It indicates how the firewall matches the address after NATing if firewall stage is not skipped.  MATCH_EXTERNAL_ADDRESS indicates the firewall will be applied to external address of a NAT rule. For SNAT, the external address is the translated source address after NAT is done. For DNAT, the external address is the original destination address before NAT is done. For REFLEXIVE, to egress traffic, the firewall will be applied to the translated source address after NAT is done; To ingress traffic, the firewall will be applied to the original destination address before NAT is done.  MATCH_INTERNAL_ADDRESS indicates the firewall will be applied to internal address of a NAT rule. For SNAT, the internal address is the original source address before NAT is done. For DNAT, the internal address is the translated destination address after NAT is done. For REFLEXIVE, to egress traffic, the firewall will be applied to the original source address before NAT is done; To ingress traffic, the firewall will be applied to the translated destination address after NAT is done.  BYPASS indicates the firewall stage will be skipped.  For NO_SNAT or NO_DNAT, it must be BYPASS or leave it unassigned  | [optional] [default to FIREWALL_MATCH.BYPASS]
**DestinationNetwork** | **string** | This supports single IP address or comma separated list of single IP addresses or CIDR. This does not support IP range or IP sets. For DNAT and NO_DNAT rules, this is a mandatory field, and represents the destination network for the incoming packets. For other type of rules, optionally it can contain destination network of outgoing packets. NULL value for this field represents ANY network.  | [optional] [default to null]
**SequenceNumber** | **int32** | The sequence_number decides the rule_priority of a NAT rule. Sequence_number and rule_priority have 1:1 mapping.For each NAT section, there will be reserved rule_priority numbers.The valid range of rule_priority number is from 0 to 2147483647(MAX_INT). 1. INTERNAL section     rule_priority reserved from 0 - 1023 (1024 rules)     valid sequence_number range  0 - 1023 2. USER section    rule_priority reserved from 1024 - 2147482623 (2147481600 rules)    valid sequence_number range  0 - 2147481599 3. DEFAULT section    rule_priority reserved from 2147482624 - 2147483647 (1024 rules)    valid sequence_number range  0 - 1023  | [optional] [default to 0]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

