# RedirectionPolicy

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Category** | **string** | - Distributed Firewall - Policy framework provides five pre-defined categories for classifying a security policy. They are \&quot;Ethernet\&quot;,\&quot;Emergency\&quot;, \&quot;Infrastructure\&quot; \&quot;Environment\&quot; and \&quot;Application\&quot;. There is a pre-determined order in which the policy framework manages the priority of these security policies. Ethernet category is for supporting layer 2 firewall rules. The other four categories are applicable for layer 3 rules. Amongst them, the Emergency category has the highest priority followed by Infrastructure, Environment and then Application rules. Administrator can choose to categorize a security policy into the above categories or can choose to leave it empty. If empty it will have the least precedence w.r.t the above four categories. - Edge Firewall - Policy Framework for Edge Firewall provides six pre-defined categories \&quot;Emergency\&quot;, \&quot;SystemRules\&quot;, \&quot;SharedPreRules\&quot;, \&quot;LocalGatewayRules\&quot;, \&quot;AutoServiceRules\&quot; and \&quot;Default\&quot;, in order of priority of rules. All categories are allowed for Gatetway Policies that belong to &#x27;default&#x27; Domain. However, for user created domains, category is restricted to \&quot;SharedPreRules\&quot; or \&quot;LocalGatewayRules\&quot; only. Also, the users can add/modify/delete rules from only the \&quot;SharedPreRules\&quot; and \&quot;LocalGatewayRules\&quot; categories. If user doesn&#x27;t specify the category then defaulted to \&quot;Rules\&quot;. System generated category is used by NSX created rules, for example BFD rules. Autoplumbed category used by NSX verticals to autoplumb data path rules. Finally, \&quot;Default\&quot; category is the placeholder default rules with lowest in the order of priority.  | [optional] [default to null]
**IsDefault** | **bool** | A flag to indicate whether policy is a default policy. | [optional] [default to null]
**Locked** | **bool** | Indicates whether a security policy should be locked. If the security policy is locked by a user, then no other user would be able to modify this security policy. Once the user releases the lock, other users can update this security policy.  | [optional] [default to false]
**LockModifiedBy** | **string** | ID of the user who last modified the lock for the secruity policy.  | [optional] [default to null]
**LockModifiedTime** | **int64** | SecurityPolicy locked/unlocked time in epoch milliseconds. | [optional] [default to null]
**RuleCount** | **int32** | The count of rules in the policy.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Comments** | **string** | Comments for security policy lock/unlock. | [optional] [default to null]
**InternalSequenceNumber** | **int32** | This field is to indicate the internal sequence number of a policy with respect to the policies across categories.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Stateful** | **bool** | Stateful or Stateless nature of security policy is enforced on all rules in this security policy. When it is stateful, the state of the network connects are tracked and a stateful packet inspection is performed. Layer3 security policies can be stateful or stateless. By default, they are stateful. Layer2 security policies can only be stateless.  | [optional] [default to null]
**SchedulerPath** | **string** | Provides a mechanism to apply the rules in this policy for a specified time duration.  | [optional] [default to null]
**TcpStrict** | **bool** | Ensures that a 3 way TCP handshake is done before the data packets are sent. tcp_strict&#x3D;true is supported only for stateful security policies.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Scope** | **[]string** | The list of group paths where the rules in this policy will get applied. This scope will take precedence over rule level scope. Supported only for security and redirection policies. In case of RedirectionPolicy, it is expected only when the policy is NS and redirecting to service chain.  | [optional] [default to null]
**SequenceNumber** | **int32** | This field is used to resolve conflicts between security policies across domains. In order to change the sequence number of a policy one can fire a POST request on the policy entity with a query parameter action&#x3D;revise The sequence number field will reflect the value of the computed sequence number upon execution of the above mentioned POST request. For scenarios where the administrator is using a template to update several security policies, the only way to set the sequence number is to explicitly specify the sequence number for each security policy. If no sequence number is specified in the payload, a value of 0 is assigned by default. If there are multiple policies with the same sequence number then their order is not deterministic. If a specific order of policies is desired, then one has to specify unique sequence numbers or use the POST request on the policy entity with a query parameter action&#x3D;revise to let the framework assign a sequence number  | [optional] [default to null]
**Rules** | [**[]RedirectionRule**](RedirectionRule.md) | Redirection rules that are a part of this RedirectionPolicy. At max, there can be 1000 rules in a given RedirectPolicy.  | [optional] [default to null]
**NorthSouth** | **bool** | This is the read only flag which will state the direction of this | redirection policy. True denotes that it is NORTH-SOUTH and false | value means it is an EAST-WEST redirection policy.  | [optional] [default to null]
**RedirectTo** | **[]string** | Paths to which traffic will be redirected to. As of now, only 1 is | supported. Paths allowed are | 1. Policy Service Instance | 2. Service Instance Endpoint | 3. Virtual Endpoint | 4. Policy Service Chain  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

